Feature - set Azure Key Vault secret as BASE64 encoding (#91)
arcus-azure/arcus.scripting: docs/preview/features/powershell/azure-key-vault.md

This module provides the following capabilities:
- [Getting all access policies for an Azure Key Vault](#getting-all-access-policies-for-an-azure-key-vault)
- [Setting a secret value from file into Azure Key Vault](#setting-a-secret-value-from-file-into-azure-key-vault)

> - [Setting a secret value with BASE64 encoding from file into Azure Key Vault](#setting-a-secret-value-with-base64-encoding-from-file-into-azure-key-vault)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Setting a secret value with BASE64 encoded file-content into Azure Key Vault](#setting-a-secret-value-with-base64-encoded-file-content-into-azure-key-vault)
```

```powershell

> PS> Set-AzKeyVaultSecretFromFile -FilePath "/file-path/secret-certificate.pfx" -SecretName "my-secret" -Expires [Datetime]::ParseExact('07/15/2019', 'MM/dd/yyyy', $null) -KeyVaultName "my-key-vault" -KeyVaultName "my-key-vault"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PS> Set-AzKeyVaultSecretFromFile -FilePath "/file-path/secret-certificate.pfx" -SecretName "my-secret" -Expires [Datetime]::ParseExact('07/15/2019', 'MM/dd/yyyy', $null) -KeyVaultName "my-key-vault"
```

```

> ## Setting a secret value with BASE64 encoding from file into Azure Key Vault

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting a secret value with BASE64 encoded file-content into Azure Key Vault
```

> Sets a secret certificate with BASE64 encoding from a file as plain text in Azure Key Vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploads the content of a file as a Base64 encoded string, as plain text, into an Azure Key Vault secret.
Can be useful when having to refer to a certificate from within an ARM-template.
```

| Parameter      | Mandatory | Description                                                                          |
| -------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `KeyVaultName` | yes       | The name of the Azure Key Vault where the secret should be added                     |
| `SecretName`   | yes       | The name of the secret to add in the Azure Key Vault                                 |
| `FilePath`	 | yes       | The path to the file containing the secret certificate to add in the Azure Key Vault |
| `Expires`      | no        | The optional expiration date of the secret to add in the Azure Key Vault             |

**Example**
```powershell
PS> Set-AzKeyVaultSecretAsBase64FromFile -KeyVaultName "my-key-vault" -SecretName "my-secret" -FilePath "/file-path/secret-certificate.pfx"
# Secret 'my-secret' has been created.
```

And with expiration date:
```powershell

> PS> Set-AzKeyVaultSecretAsBase64FromFile -FilePath "/file-path/secret-certificate.pfx" -SecretName "my-secret" -Expires [Datetime]::ParseExact('07/15/2019', 'MM/dd/yyyy', $null) -KeyVaultName "my-key-vault" -KeyVaultName "my-key-vault"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PS> Set-AzKeyVaultSecretAsBase64FromFile -FilePath "/file-path/secret-certificate.pfx" -SecretName "my-secret" -Expires [Datetime]::ParseExact('07/15/2019', 'MM/dd/yyyy', $null) -KeyVaultName "my-key-vault"
```
